http://www.lanpartynw.com/privacy.shtml
Northwest Washington's Monthly LanParty
Search Site
Enter your search
terms
Web
LPNW.com
Submit search form
LPNW NAV
- Main
- Forums
- Past Sponsors
- PR
Coverage
- Check List
- gLAN Guide
- F.A.Q.
- Waiver
gLAN
- Contact Us
February gLAN
- Signup
- Who's
Going
- Pay
$$$$
- Pay/friend
- Seating
- Directions/Map
What's on Woot!
- Woot!
Affiliates
- GGW
- OCMODSHOP
LAN Pictures
------ gLANs ------
Jan. '08 gLAN
------- 2006 -----
Mar. '07 gLAN
Feb. '07 gLAN
Jan. '07 gLAN
------- 2006 -----
Oct. '06 gLAN
Sept. '06 gLAN
June '06 gLAN
May '06 gLAN
Apr. '06 gLAN
Mar. '06 gLAN
Feb. '06 gLAN
Jan. '06 gLAN
------- 2005 -----
Nov. '05 gLAN
Oct. '05 gLAN
June'05 gLAN
May '05 gLAN
April '05 gLAN
March '05 gLAN
Feb. '05 gLAN
Jan. '05 gLAN
------- 2004 -----
Nov. '04 gLAN
Oct. '04 gLAN
Sept. '04 gLAN
Aug. '04 gLAN
July '04 gLAN
June '04 gLAN
May '04 gLAN
April '04 gLAN
-- 400MANLANs--
Sept. '05 400ML
Jan. '05 400ML
-- 200MANLANs --
Jan. '04 200ML
Aug '03 200ML
Jan. '03 200ML
Sept. '02 200ML
--- 60MANLANs ---
May '04 60ML
April '04 60ML
March '04 60ML
Feb. '04 60ML
--- 2003 -
Dec. '03 60ML
Nov. '03 60ML
Oct. '03 60ML
Sept. '03 60ML
Aug '03 60ML
July '03 60ML
June '03 60ML
May '03 60ML
April '03 60ML
March '03 60ML
Nov. '02 60ML
--- 30MANLANs ---
Oct. '02 30ML
Aug. '02 30ML
July '02 30ML
June '02 30ML
June '02 30ML
May '02 30ML
April '02 30ML
March '02 30ML
LPNW's Host:
Dreamhost.com
Gamer's Broswer:
Sponsored by:
past
sponsors...
Advertisement:
Privacy Statement
When you visit our site to read information, we collect and store
the name of the domain from which you access the Internet, the
date and time you access our site and the URL of the web site
from which you link to our site. We use this information to
evaluate traffic patterns to/on our site, so that we can make it
more useful to our visitors. We do not make this information
available to third parties, nor do we use it for any other
purpose.
Our forums and registration system uses a cookie to keep
infomation from your session. This cookie identifies your
"session" and tracks the searches you perform, so that if you
want to return to a previous search, you don't have to recreate
it. Once you exit our site, the cookie expires (either when you
close your browser or after 20 minutes). We don't use cookies for
anything else. If you send us personally identifying information,
for example, in an e-mail message containing an information
request or a complaint, we use the information to follow up on
your request. If we need to use this information for another
purpose, we will tell you explicitly what that purpose is. We do
not obtain personally identifying information unless you provide
it.
Privacy Statement |
© 2002 - 2010 LanPartyNW.com
| WebHost: Dreamhost.com