http://www.aamcn.org/legaltermsandconditions.htm
By e-mail:
copyrightagent@AAMCN.org
WARRANTY DISCLAIMER
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED OTHERWISE AND TO THE
MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE WEBSITE AND ALL
MATERIALS ON THE WEBSITE ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND
“AS AVAILABLE” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND AND
AAMCN HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF
ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT
NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
NONINFRINGEMENT, AND TITLE. AAMCN MAKES NO WARRANTY
THAT THE WEBSITE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR
EXPECTATIONS, THAT ACCESS TO OUR WEBSITE WILL BE
UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE, OR
THAT RESULTS FROM THE USE OF OUR WEBSITE WILL BE
ACCURATE OR RELIABLE. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION
RECEIVED BY AAMCN, ITS SUPPLIERS, OR OBTAINED
OTHERWISE WILL CHANGE THIS DISCLAIMER. Some
jurisdictions do not allow these limitations, so the
above limitations may not apply to you.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT AAMCN SHALL
NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT DAMAGES OR ANY SPECIAL,
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR
EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY
DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA,
PROFITS, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF AAMCN
HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM THE USE OF OR THE INABILITY
TO USE THE WEBSITE, REMOVAL OR TERMINATION OF THE
WEBSITE, OR DATA, ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN CONTENT ON
THE WEBSITE, STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD
PARTY ON THE WEBSITE, OR ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING
TO OUR WEBSITE. IN NO EVENT SHALL AAMCN’S
CUMULATIVE LIABILITY FOR ANY AND ALL CLAIMS RELATING
TO THE USE OF THE WEBSITE EXCEED $1,000. Some
jurisdictions do not allow these limitations, so the
above limitations may not apply to you.
NO PROFESSIONAL ADVICE
AAMCN OFFERS INFORMATION RELATED TO, AMONG OTHER
AREAS, PROVIDERS OF PROFESSIONAL SERVICES AND
INFORMATION ABOUT CERTAIN MEDICAL OR HEALTH
CONDITIONS. THIS INFORMATION IS PROVIDED TO YOU FOR
EDUCATIONAL AND INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. ANY
INFORMATION FOUND ON THE WEBSITE IS NOT A SUBSTITUTE
FOR OBTAINING SPECIFIC MEDICAL, LEGAL, OR OTHER
PROFESSIONAL OR LICENSED SERVICES ADVICE DIRECTLY
APPLICABLE TO YOUR SITUATION. YOU SHOULD NOT RELY ON
ANY INFORMATION ON THE WEBSITE AS A SUBSTITUTE FOR
SUCH SERVICES OR ADVICE.
THE
USE OF ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEBSITE IS
SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. ALWAYS SEEK THE ADVICE OF A
PHYSICIAN OR OTHER HEALTH CARE PROFESSIONAL. NEVER
DISREGARD MEDICAL OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVICE OR
DELAY IN SEEKING IT BECAUSE OF SOMETHING YOU HAVE
READ ON THE WEBSITE.
NOTHING STATED OR POSTED ON THIS WEBSITE OR
AVAILABLE THROUGH ANY SERVICES IS INTENDED TO BE,
AND MUST NOT BE TAKEN TO BE, THE PRACTICE OF
MEDICINE. FOR PURPOSES OF THIS AGREEMENT, THE
PRACTICE OF MEDICINE INCLUDES, WITHOUT LIMITATION,
PSYCHIATRY, PSYCHOLOGY, PSYCHOTHERAPY, OR PROVIDING
HEALTH CARE TREATMENT, INSTRUCTIONS, DIAGNOSIS,
PROGNOSIS, OR ADVICE. AAMCN PROVIDES NO ASSURANCES
THAT THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS WEBSITE WILL
ALWAYS INCLUDE THE MOST RECENT FINDINGS OR
DEVELOPMENTS WITH RESPECT TO THE PARTICULAR
MATERIAL.
INDEMNIFICATION
You shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless
AAMCN, its affiliates, and their respective
officers, employees, and agents from any and all
claims, demands, damages, costs, and liabilities,
including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any
third party due to or arising out of your acts or
omissions arising out of your use of AAMCN, any
violation of this Agreement of or any law or the
rights of any third party.
GOVERNING LAW
You and AAMCN agree that any claim or controversy
at law or equity that arises out of these Terms or
your use of our Website shall be governed by the law
of the Commonwealth of Virginia (without regard to
conflict of law provisions) and that the United
Nations Convention on Contracts for the
International Sale of Goods shall have no
applicability. You and AAMCN agree that all claims
and actions related hereto shall be brought in the
appropriate state or federal court located in
Richmond, Virginia, and you agree and submit to the
exercise of personal jurisdiction of such courts for
the purpose of litigating any such claim or action.
DISPUTES
YOU AGREE THAT THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE FORUM AND
REMEDY FOR ANY AND ALL DISPUTES AND CLAIMS RELATING
IN ANY WAY TO OR ARISING OUT OF THESE TERMS OF USE
AND/OR THE WEBSITE (INCLUDING YOUR VISIT TO OR USE
OF AAMCN) SHALL BE FINAL AND BINDING ARBITRATION,
except that, to the extent you have in any manner
infringed upon or violated or threatened to infringe
upon or violate AAMCN’s patent, copyright,
trademark or trade secret rights, or you have
otherwise violated any of the user conduct rules set
forth above then the parties acknowledge that
arbitration is not an adequate remedy at law and
that injunctive or other appropriate relief may be
sought.
Arbitration under this Agreement shall be conducted
by the American Arbitration Association (the “AAA”)
under its Commercial Arbitration Rules and, in the
case of consumer disputes, the AAA’s Supplementary
Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes ( the “AAA
Consumer Rules”) (collectively the “AAA Rules”). The
location of the arbitration and the allocation of
costs and fees for such arbitration shall be
Richmond, Virginia (unless otherwise provided by the
AAA Consumer Rules) and shall be subject to the
limitations provided for in the AAA Consumer Rules
(for consumer disputes). If such costs are
determined to be excessive in a consumer dispute,
AAMCN will be responsible for paying all
arbitration fees and arbitrator compensation in
excess of what is deemed reasonable. The
arbitrator’s award shall be binding and may be
entered as a judgment in any court of competent
jurisdiction.
To
the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, NO
ARBITRATION OR CLAIM UNDER THESE TERMS OF USE SHALL
BE JOINED TO ANY OTHER ARBITRATION OR CLAIM,
INCLUDING ANY ARBITRATION OR CLAIM INVOLVING ANY
OTHER CURRENT OR FORMER MEMBER OF OR VISITOR TO TSR,
AND NO CLASS ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS SHALL BE
PERMITTED.
ASSIGNMENT
AAMCN may assign these Terms of Use at any time to
any subsidiary, or any affiliated company, or as
part of the sale to, merger with, or other transfer
of AAMCN to another entity. You may not assign this
agreement.
INTERNATIONAL USE
AAMCN is designed for users residing in the United
States. We make no representation that content on
the Website is appropriate or available for use in
locations outside the United States. If you choose
to access AAMCN from a location outside the United
States, you do so of your own initiative and you are
responsible for compliance with local laws.
MISCELLANEOUS
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between
you and AAMCN regarding this subject matter, and
they govern your use of the Website. The failure of
AAMCN to exercise or enforce any right or provision
of these Terms does not constitute a waiver of such
right or provision. If a court of competent
jurisdiction finds any provision of these Terms to
be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the
court should endeavor to give effect to the parties’
intentions as reflected in the provision, and the
other provisions of these Terms remain in full force
and effect. Regardless of any statute or law to the
contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out
of or related to use of AAMCN or these Terms must
be filed within one (1) year after such claim or
cause of action arose or be forever barred. The
section titles in these Terms are for convenience
only and have no legal or contractual effect.