http://www.ptybirds.com/privacy.html
For each visitor to our Web page, our
Web server automatically recognizes the
consumer's domain name.
We
collect the e-mail addresses of those
who communicate with us via e-mail, the
e-mail addresses of those who make
postings to our chat areas or submit
images and information. We collect
aggregate information on what pages
consumers access or visit, information
volunteered by the consumer, such as
survey information and/or site
registrations.
The information we collect is used for
internal review and is then discarded
and disclosed only when legally required
to do so, at the request of governmental
authorities conducting an investigation,
to verify or enforce compliance with the
policies governing our Website and
applicable laws or to protect against
misuse or unauthorized use of our
Website.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies
to record session information, such as
items that consumers add to their
shopping cart or when users vote online
etc.
We
use third-party advertising companies to
serve ads when you visit our website.
These companies may use information (not
including your name, address, email
address, or telephone number) about your
visits to this and other websites in
order to provide advertisements about
goods and services of interest to you.
If you would like more information about
this practice and to know your choices
about not having this information used
by these companies,
click here.
Content © |  All rights reserved.