http://www.scifimoviepage.com/privacy.html
contact | about us | advertise
w w w . s c i f i m o v i e p a g e . c o m
Privacy policy
www.scifimoviepage.com (the "Site")
This privacy policy was last modified on March 8,
2010..
www.scifimoviepage.com ("Company," "we," or "us")
knows that you care how information about you is used
and shared. This Privacy Policy explains what
information of yours will be collected by Company when
you use the Site and related services (the “Service”),
how the information will be used, and how you can
control the collection, correction and/or deletion of
information. We will not use or share your information
with anyone except as described in this Privacy
Policy.
Information We Collect
User-Provided Information: You provide us information
about yourself, such as your name and e-mail address,
when you register with the Service. If you correspond
with us by email, we may retain the content of your
email messages, your email address and our responses.
Cookies Information: When you visit the Site, we may
send one or more cookies - a small text file
containing a string of alphanumeric characters - to
your computer that uniquely identifies your browser
and lets Company help you log in faster and enhance
your navigation through the site. A cookie does not
collect personal information about you. Company uses
both session cookies and persistent cookies. A
persistent cookie remains on your hard drive after you
close your browser. Persistent cookies may be used by
your browser on subsequent visits to the site.
Persistent cookies can be removed by following your
web browser’s directions. A session cookie is
temporary and disappears after you close your browser.
You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies
or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However,
some features of the Service may not function properly
if the ability to accept cookies is disabled.
Log File Information: Log file information is
automatically reported by your browser each time you
access a web page. When you register with or view our
site, our servers automatically record certain
information that your web browser sends whenever you
visit any website. These server logs may include
information such as your web request, Internet
Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, referring /
exit pages and URLs, number of clicks, domain names,
landing pages, pages viewed, and other such
information.
Clear Gifs Information: When you use the Service, we
may employ clear gifs (a.k.a. Web Beacons) which are
used to track the online usage patterns of our users
anonymously. No personally identifiable information
from your Company account is collected using these
clear gifs. In addition, we may also use clear gifs in
HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which
emails are opened by recipients. The information is
used to enable more accurate reporting, improve the
effectiveness of our marketing, and make us better for
our users.
How We Use Your Information
We use the personal information you submit to operate,
maintain, and provide to you the features and
functionality of the Service.
Any personal information or content that you
voluntarily disclose for posting to the Service (for
instance, in User Content you post) becomes available
to the public. If you remove User Content, copies may
remain viewable in cached and archived pages or if
other users have copied or stored your User Content.
By providing Company your email address you consent to
our using the email address to send you
Service-related notices, including any notices
required by law, in lieu of communication by postal
mail. We may also use your email address to send you
other messages, such as newsletters, changes to
features of the Service, or special offers. If you do
not want to receive such email messages, you may opt
out by sending an email message to legal@atomiconline.com
with the word "No email" in the subject field. Opting
out may prevent you from receiving email messages
regarding updates, improvements, or offers.
Company may use certain information about you and/or
your User Content without identifying you as an
individual to third parties. We do this for purposes
such as analyzing how the Service is used, diagnosing
service or technical problems, maintaining security,
and personalizing advertisements and promotions.
Company reserves the right, but has no obligation, to
monitor the User Content you post on the site. Company
has the right to remove any such information or
material for any reason or no reason, including
without limitation, if in its sole opinion, such
information or material violates, or may violate, any
applicable law or our Terms of Use Agreement or to
protect or defend its rights or property or those of
any third party. Company also reserves the right to
remove information upon the request of any third
party.
We use cookies, clear gifs, and log file information
to: (a) remember information so that you will not have
to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you
visit the site; (b) provide custom, personalized
content and information; (c) monitor the effectiveness
of our service; (d) monitor aggregate metrics such as
total number of visitors and traffic; (e) diagnose or
fix technology problems reported by our users or
engineers that are associated with the IP addresses
controlled by a specific web company or ISP; and (f)
help you efficiently access your information after you
sign in.
How We Share Your Information
Personally Identifiable Information: Company will not
rent or sell your personally identifiable information
to others. Company may share your personally
identifiable information with third parties solely for
the purpose of providing services to you. If we do
this, such third parties’ use of your information will
be bound by this Privacy Policy. We may store personal
information in locations outside the direct control of
Company (for instance, on servers or databases
co-located with hosting providers).
As we develop our business, we may buy or sell assets
or business offerings. Customer, email, and visitor
information is generally one of the transferred
business assets in these types of transactions. We may
also transfer such information in the course of
corporate divestitures, mergers, or dissolution.
Except as otherwise described in this privacy
statement, Company will not disclose personal
information to any third party unless required to do
so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such
action is necessary to (a) conform to the law, comply
with legal process served on us or our affiliates, or
investigate, prevent, or take action regarding
suspected or actual illegal activities; (b) to enforce
our Terms of Use, take precautions against liability,
to investigate and defend ourselves against any
third-party claims or allegations, to assist
government enforcement agencies, or to protect the
security or integrity of our site; and (c) to exercise
or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of
Company, our users or others.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information: We may share
non-personally identifiable information (such as
anonymous usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs,
platform types, number of clicks, etc.) with
interested third parties to help them understand the
usage patterns for certain Company services.
Company allows other companies, called third-party ad
servers or ad networks, to serve advertisements on the
Company site. These third-party ad servers or ad
networks use technology to send, directly to your
browser, the advertisements and links that appear on
Company. They automatically receive your IP address
when this happens. They may also use other
technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web
Beacons) to measure the effectiveness of their
advertisements and to personalize the advertising
content.
Company does not provide any personally identifiable
information to these third-party ad servers or ad
networks without your consent. However, please note
that if an advertiser asks Company to show an
advertisement to a certain audience and you respond to
that advertisement, the advertiser or ad-server may
conclude that you fit the description of the audience
they are trying to reach.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of
these third-party ad servers or ad networks. The
Company privacy policy does not apply to, and we
cannot control the activities of, such advertisers.
How We Protect Your Information
Company uses commercially reasonable physical,
managerial, and technical safeguards to preserve the
integrity and security of your personal information.
We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of
any information you transmit to Company and you do so
at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission of
information, Company makes commercially reasonable
efforts to ensure the security of our systems.
However, please note that this is not a guarantee that
such information may not be accessed, disclosed,
altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our
physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.
To protect your privacy and security, we take
reasonable steps (such as requesting a unique
password) to verify your identity before granting you
access to your account. You are responsible for
maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and
account information, and for controlling access to
your email communications from Company, at all times.
Compromise of Personal Information
In the event that personal information is compromised
as a result of a breach of security, Company will
promptly notify those persons whose personal
information has been compromised, in accordance with
the notification procedures set forth in this Privacy
Policy, or as otherwise required by applicable law.
Your Choices About Your Information
You may, of course, decline to submit personally
identifiable information through Company, in which
case Company may not be able to provide certain
services to you.
Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of young children is especially
important. For that reason, Company does not knowingly
collect or solicit personal information from anyone
under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to
register. If you are under 13, please do not send any
information about yourself to us, including your name,
address, telephone number, or email address. No one
under age 13 is allowed to provide any personal
information to or on Company. In the event that we
learn that we have collected personal information from
a child under age 13 without verification of parental
consent, we will delete that information as quickly as
possible. If you believe that we might have any
information from or about a child under 13, please
contact us at legal@atomiconline.com.
Links to Other Web Sites
We are not responsible for the practices employed by
Web sites linked to or from our Web site nor the
information or content contained therein. Please
remember that when you use a link to go from our Web
site to another Web site, our Privacy Policy is no
longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any
other Web site, including those that have a link on
our Web site, is subject to that Web site's own rules
and policies. Please read over those rules and
policies before proceeding.
Third Party Advertisements and Technologies
We use third-party advertising companies to serve
advertisements when you visit our Site as is explained
in detail in our Site’s Terms of Use. The third-party
advertising technology that we use on this Site uses
information derived from your visits to this site to
target advertising within this Site. In addition, our
advertisers may use other third-party advertising
technology to target advertising on this Site and
other websites. In the course of advertisements being
served to you, a unique third-party cookie or cookies
may be placed your browser. In addition, we use web
beacons, provided by third-party advertising
companies, to help manage and optimize our online
advertising. Web beacons enable us to recognize a
browser’s cookie when a browser visits this site, to
learn which banner ads bring users to our Web site and
to deliver more relevant advertising. You may
“opt-out” of certain third party programs by following
the instructions located at http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/index.aspx.
Notification Procedures
It is our policy to provide notifications, whether
such notifications are required by law or are for
marketing or other business related purposes, to you
via email notice, written or hard copy notice, or
through conspicuous posting of such notice on our
Website page, as determined by Company in its sole
discretion. We reserve the right to determine the form
and means of providing notifications to you, provided
that you may opt out of certain means of notification
as described in this Privacy Policy.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
If we change our privacy policies and procedures, we
will post those changes on our website to keep you
aware of what information we collect, how we use it
and under what circumstances we may disclose it.
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they
are posted on this page.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy,
the practices of this site, or your dealings with this
Web site, please contact us at scifimoviepage@yahoo.com,
or send mail to:
James O’Ehley
The Sci-Fi Movie Page
545 Colenso Street
Pretoria North
Pretoria / Tshwane
0182
SOUTH AFRICA
Latest Headlines
Most Popular
Copyright © 1997-forward James O'Ehley/The Sci-Fi Movie Page (unless where indicated otherwise).
privacy policy | terms of use