http://www.joyfielding.com/terms-of-use
Terms of Use
PLEASE READ THESE CONDITIONS AND TERMS OF USE (“TERMS OF
USE”) CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE.
By using this website, www.joyfielding.com (the "Site"), you
signify your agreement to these Terms of Use. If you do not
agree to these Terms of Use, please do not use this site.
Proprietary Rights
The Site as a whole and all materials on the Site, unless
otherwise noted, including, but not limited to images,
illustrations, audio clips, and video clips (collectively
the “Material”) is protected by the copyright owned by Joy
Fielding and the web design copyright is owned by World
Exposure. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
Certain elements of the Site are protected by third-party
copyrights specified on the Site.
This Site and the Material are for your personal use only.
You may download or copy the contents of the Site or other
downloaded items for personal use only. The Site and the
Material provided through this server are protected by the
copyright laws of Canada and other countries. UNAUTHORIZED
COPYING, REPRODUCTION, MODIFICATION, REPUBLISHING,
UPLOADING, POSTING, TRANSMITTING OR DUPLICATING OF ANY OF
THE MATERIAL IS PROHIBITED.
License Granted by Users' Submissions
Certain areas of this Site, such as the “submit comments and
reviews” function, allow users to submit images and/or text
to this Site. You retain copyright and any other rights you
already hold in any content which you submit, post or
display on or through, the Site. By submitting, posting or
displaying the content you grant Joy Fielding a perpetual,
irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive
license to reproduce, adapt, modify, translate, publish,
publicly perform, publicly display and distribute any
content which you submit, post or display on or through, the
Site. Additionally, you grant to Joy Fielding the right to
sublicense any of the foregoing. You confirm and warrant to
Joy Fielding that you have all the rights, power and
authority necessary to grant the above licenses. You assume
the risk that such materials may be copied by others and
also assume the risk of, and agree to indemnify and hold Joy
Fielding harmless for, such third-party use of the
materials.
Disclaimer of Warranties
THE INFORMATION PROVIDED IN THIS SITE AND THROUGH THIS
SERVER IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF
ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT
ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW, JOY FIELDING DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
Joy Fielding does not warrant or make any representations
concerning the use or the results of the use of the
information provided on this Site and through this server in
terms of its correctness, accuracy, reliability or
otherwise. Joy Fielding makes no representation or
warranties that the use of this Site (including any comments
contained herein) will be uninterrupted or error-free, that
defects will be corrected, or that this Site or this server
are free of viruses or other harmful conditions or
components. Your use of the Site is at your sole risk. You
are solely responsible for any damage to you or to any third
party caused, directly or indirectly, by Material that you
download or obtain through the Site. You assume the entire
cost of all necessary servicing, repair or correction,
including but not limited to such and all other expenses
related to computer equipment that may be damaged as a
result of information received from or through this Site.
Descriptions of, or references to, products, services or
publications provided within this Site and through this
server do not imply endorsement of such products, services
or publications. Joy Fielding makes no warranty of any kind
with respect to the subject matter included herein, the
products listed herein, or the completeness or accuracy of
the information.
Joy Fielding makes no representation that the Site is
appropriate or available for use outside of Canada. If you
choose to access the Site from such other locations, you do
so at your own initiative and risk and are responsible for
compliance with local laws if, and to the extent that, such
local laws are applicable. Joy Fielding reserves the right,
in its sole discretion, to limit the availability of this
Site to any person, geographic area or jurisdiction at any
time.
Limitation of Liability
IN NO EVENT, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE,
SHALL JOY FIELDING BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR
ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM THE LOSS OF USE, DATA,
PROFITS OR GOODWILL, WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT OR IN
TORT, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE, OR YOUR
INABILITY TO USE, THE MATERIALS ON THIS SITE; UNAUTHORIZED
ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA; OR
THE ACTS OF ANY THIRD PARTY RELATED TO THE SITE, EVEN IF JOY
FIELDING HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES.
In no event shall Joy Fielding's total liability to you for
any and all claims, damages, losses, and causes of action
(whether in contract or otherwise) exceed the amount paid by
you, if any, for accessing this Site on the occasion that
resulted in such liability.
Links
This Site may provide links to third party websites or
resources. The provision of such links is not an endorsement
of any information, product or service reached through such
link. Joy Fielding does not have any control over third
party websites or resources, makes no claim or
representation regarding, and accepts no responsibility for,
the quality, content, nature or reliability of websites
linking to this Site. You use these links at your own risk.
Purchases
Any purchases made through this Site or any third-party site
linked to this Site are made strictly at the risk of the
buyer. Joy Fielding does not and will not accept
responsibility for any loss resulting from the transmission
of credit card or other financial information on this or any
third-party site.
User Comments
Joy Fielding is not responsible for the content of any
comments that you make on the blog function of this Site and
Joy Fielding is not responsible for knowing whether the
content of your comment is in violation of applicable laws.
Joy Fielding reserves the right to refuse to post comments
to the Site for any reason and reserve the right to edit
and/or delete a comment that Joy Fielding , in its sole
discretion, deems to be inappropriate, offensive, harmful,
obscene, indecent or illegal (this includes, but it is not
limited to comments containing hateful, libelous, and
defamatory content), or otherwise contrary to these Terms of
Use. Promoting a business, product, or service is not
permitted and comments intending to advertise will be
deleted.
Privacy
For information respecting our privacy procedures, please
see the Privacy Statement. Any changes to the Privacy
Statement will be effective immediately upon notice. Your
use of this Site after such notice will be deemed acceptance
of such changes.
Changes
Joy Fielding reserves the right, in its discretion, to
change, modify, add, or remove portions of these Terms of
Use at any time. Such changes shall be posted on the Site
and shall become effective immediately upon posting.
Visitors to the Site should periodically check for changes
to these Terms of Use. Your continued use of this Site
following the posting of changes to these Terms of Use
(including the Privacy Statement) will mean you accept those
changes.
This Site, in whole or in part, may be enhanced, modified or
discontinued at Joy FIelding's sole discretion. Any
enhancements, additions or modifications to the Site will be
subject to these Terms of Use.
Choice of Law and Venue
These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario, and the
laws of Canada applicable therein, without giving effect to
principles of conflicts of law. Any dispute arising
hereunder shall be adjudicated in the Province of Ontario,
Canada, and the user consents to such courts' exercise of
personal jurisdiction over him or her by using this Site. If
any provision of these Terms of Use shall be determined to
be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then
that provision shall be deemed severable from this agreement
and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any
remaining provisions. This is the entire agreement between
the user and Joy Fielding relating to the subject matter
herein and shall not be modified except in writing, signed
by both parties.
Share