https://www.horizonhobby.com/terms-and-conditions-page.html
TERMS OF USE
COPYRIGHT
All content on this site including website design, text, graphics,
logos of Horizon Hobby brands, the selection and arrangement thereof
and all software compilations, underlying source code, software
(including applets) and all other material on this Web site are
copyright Horizon Hobby, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED and are protected to
the full extent of U.S. and International copyright laws. Permission
is granted to electronically copy and to print in hard copy portions
of this Web site for the purposes of placing an order with Horizon
Hobby or promoting products ordered from Horizon Hobby by authorized
retailers. Any other use of materials on this website--including
reproduction for purposes other than those noted above, modification,
distribution, or re-publication--without the prior written permission
of Horizon Hobby, LLC is strictly prohibited. Horizon Hobby is not
responsible for any content placed online by users. Each user warrants
that all the content the user places online is not violative of the
copyright of third parties.
TRADEMARKS
Trademarks such as Horizon Hobby, Fast Serve Online/Windows,
HobbyShopNow, and/or other Horizon Hobby services referenced on this
website are either trademarks or registered trademarks of Horizon
Hobby, LLC. These trademarks may not be used in any way, except by the
express written permission of Horizon Hobby, in any manner that is
likely to cause confusion or dilute the company’s marks, or in any
manner than discredits the company. Other product and company names
mentioned on this website may be the trademarks or registered
trademarks of their respective owners.
YouTube® and its logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of
Google Inc. Facebook® and its logo are trademarks or registered
trademarks of Facebook, Inc. Twitter® and its logos are trademarks or
registered trademarks of Twitter, Inc.
LIABILITY
Except as specifically stated on this website, to the fullest extent
permitted at law, neither Horizon Hobby, LLC nor any of its
affiliates, directors, employees or other representatives will be
liable for damages arising out of or in connection with the use of
this website or the information, content, materials or products
included on this site. This is a comprehensive limitation of liability
that applies to all damages of any kind, including (without
limitation) compensatory, direct, indirect or consequential damages,
loss of data, income or profit, loss of or damage to property and
claims of third parties.
Horizon Hobby, LLC and its agents are not responsible for errors and
omissions on this site.
PRICE OR DESCRIPTION CHANGES
All information, prices, pictures and descriptions on this site are
subject to change. Horizon Hobby, LLC disclaims all responsibility and
liability for unintentional errors. In the event of such errors on our
site or in our publications, Horizon Hobby reserves the right to
cancel or refuse orders at our sole discretion. Please contact Horizon
Hobby immediately if you become aware of any errors or discrepancies.
INTERNET SALES POLICIES
Horizon Hobby, LLC distributes its products through a network of
authorized retailers. Horizon Hobby, LLC will grant its authorized
retailers use of its intellectual property for the promotion of
Horizon products on these retailers’ websites or online auctions.
Horizon Hobby, LLC reserves the right to only provide warranty
coverage for products purchased from authorized retailers and to
refuse warranty coverage on products purchased from unauthorized
retailers.
USER AGREEMENT
All users agree, through the use of this site, to the terms and
conditions contained on this website and shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois,
without giving effect to its conflict of law provisions. User hereby
agrees, through the use of this site, to the exclusive jurisdiction of
the courts of the State of Illinois and of any United States’ courts
located within that jurisdiction for purposes of any and all
litigation arising out of the use of this site, or the purchase of any
goods made through this web site. User waives any objections to the
forum of Illinois for lack of venue, forum non conveniens, or any
other jurisdictional ground.
SITE POLICIES, MODIFICATION, AND SEVERABILITY
Please review our other policies, such as Privacy and Security, posted
on this site. These policies also govern your visit to Horizon Hobby’s
website. We reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies,
and these Terms and Conditions at any time. If any of these conditions
shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that
condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity
and enforceability of any remaining condition.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
Horizon Hobby is not liable for materials on Non-Horizon owned sites
linked through the web site. Horizon Hobby does not regularly review
these materials, does not necessarily endorse all the material
appearing on these linked sites and any decision of a web site visitor
to view any of the said web sites is at the visitor's own risk.
USER-GENERATED CONTENT TERMS OF USE
Horizon Hobby, LLC, our affiliates, and our designees ("Horizon,"
"We," "Us," or "Our") owns and/or operates various websites, social
media and other online properties ("User-Generated Websites or
"Sites") that permit users to submit or publish various content. Such
websites may include, but are not limited to, message boards, blogs,
social networks, and comment boards which allow users to submit
information including, comments, information, photos, videos and other
material ("User Content"). By registering or using any of our
User-Generated Websites, you accept and agree to the following Terms
of Use.
Appropriate Conduct and Content; Personal Use Only:
Unless otherwise noted, the products and services on the Sites are
intended for personal, non-commercial purposes only. Except as
expressly permitted in these Terms of Use, you may not use, reproduce,
distribute, reverse engineer, modify, copy, publish, display,
transmit, adapt, link, license or in any way exploit the content of
the Sites.
You agree to use the Site only for lawful, noncommercial purposes and
in compliance with all international, federal, state and local laws.
International users agree to comply with all local rules regarding
online conduct and acceptable content, including laws regulating the
export of data from the United States to your country of residence.
You are solely responsible for your conduct and any data, text,
information, photos, links, comments and any and all User Content
created or generated by you that you submit, post and display on any
of our Sites.
Eligibility:
You represent and warrant that you (a) are above the legal age of
majority in your jurisdiction of residence, (b) have not previously
been suspended or removed from any of our Sites, (c) do not have more
than one (1) account at any given time for any Site; (d) you will only
provide us with true, accurate, current and complete information and
(d) that you have full power and authority to enter into the Terms of
Use and in doing so will not violate any other agreement to which you
are a party.
Your Account:
When you set up an Account, you are required to provide your name and
email address and select a password (collectively, your “Account
Information”), which you may not transfer to or share with any third
parties. If someone accesses our Sites using your Account Information,
we will rely on that Account Information and will assume that it is
really you or your representative who is accessing the Site(s). We may
refuse to grant you a username that impersonates someone else, is or
may be protected by trademark and proprietary rights law, or is
vulgar, offensive or otherwise inappropriate, as determined by us at
our sole discretion. You are solely responsible for any and all use of
your Account Information and all activities that occur under or in
connection with the Account. Without limiting any rights we may
otherwise have, we reserve the right to take any and all action, as it
deems necessary or reasonable, to ensure the security of the Site and
your Account, including without limitation, terminating your Account,
changing your password, or requesting additional information to
authorize transactions on your Account. You agree to be responsible
for any act or omission of any users that access the Site(s) under
your Account Information that, if undertaken by you, would be deemed a
violation of these Terms of Use. In no event will we be liable to you
for any liabilities or damages resulting from or arising out of (i)
any action or inaction by Us under this provision, (ii) any compromise
of the confidentiality of your Account or password, and (iii) any
unauthorized access to your Account or use of your password. You may
not use anyone else’s Account at any time, without the permission of
the Account holder. You agree not to register for more than one
Account, register for an Account on behalf of an individual other than
yourself without such individual’s authorization, or register for an
Account on behalf of any group or entity.
User Content:
We welcome user comments, information and submissions. Subject to our
Privacy Policy, all User Content that you post to the Sites will be
treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary to you and may be
viewed by you and/or other uses of Our Sites. You also agree that
Horizon, our affiliates and our licensees are free to use any ideas,
concepts, know-how or techniques generated by any User Content for any
purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, developing,
manufacturing and marketing products, services and content using such
information, without any credit, notice, approval or compensation to
you.
Our Right to Use User Content:
If you choose to submit any User Content to any Site, it will be
deemed non-proprietary and non-confidential and may be used by us, our
affiliates or others without restriction. You represent and warrant
that you own or otherwise control any and all rights in and to the
User Content that you submit and that our public posting and use of
that User Content will not infringe or violate the rights of any third
party in any manner, including without limitation any privacy rights,
publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights or any other
intellectual property or proprietary rights. By submitting, sending,
posting, uploading, modifying or otherwise providing information,
material, or any other communication to us, whether solicited or
unsolicited, you grant us and our designees the royalty-free, fully
paid, unrestricted, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive,
and fully transferable, assignable, sublicensable right and license to
use, copy, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create
derivative works from, improve, distribute, commercialize, perform, or
display such User Content (in whole or in part) worldwide and/or to
incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or technology now
known or later developed for any purpose, including, without
limitation, advertising and promotional purposes, reproduction,
transmission, publication, broadcast and posting without any further
consent by you or notice, credit and/or compensation to you or any
third parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, personally identifiable
data, if any, included in User Content shall be handled in accordance
with our Privacy Policy.
Review of Submissions:
We have no obligation to verify the identity of any users when they
are connected to a Site or to supervise the User Content that has been
provided by users. You acknowledge that we may or may not prescreen,
monitor, review, edit or delete the User Content posted by you and
other users on any Site. We and our designees retain the right to
modify, move, refuse, block or remove any User Content, in whole or in
part, for any reason or no reason, with or without notice. We and our
designees also reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and
disclose any information as we reasonably believes is necessary to (i)
satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental
request, (ii) enforce these Terms of Use, including investigation of
potential violations hereof, (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise
address fraud, security or technical issues, (iv) respond to user
support requests, or (v) protect our rights, property or safety, users
of the Site and the public. In any case, we are not responsible or
liable for damages of any kind arising from any failure, non-failure,
or delay in removing such User Content even when we are advised of the
possibility of such damages.
No Endorsement:
We do not control the User Content posted on the Site and, as such, we
make no representations or warranties regarding User Content or its
truthfulness, accuracy, reliability, integrity or quality. We do not
determine whether User Content violates the rights of others, and we
have no control over whether User Content is of a nature that you or
other users may find offensive. User Content includes the opinions,
statements and other content of third parties, not us. You acknowledge
and agree that the information and views expressed by you and other
users in User Content appearing on the Site do not necessarily reflect
our views or those of our content providers, advertiser, sponsors,
affiliated or related entities, and we do not support or endorse any
User Content or any other content posted by you or any other user on
or otherwise accessible through the Site. We do not assume, and
expressly disclaim, any obligation or liability with respect to User
Content and no confidential or fiduciary understanding or relationship
is established by our receipt or acceptance of any such materials.
Company Info
About Us
Horizon Brands
RC Club
RC Events Calendar
Careers
Become a Dealer
Find a Retailer
Legal
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Site Map
Compliance
Patents
Product Recalls
Trademarks
Copyright © Horizon Hobby, LLC