http://www.ledlight.com/privacypolicy.aspx
×
Shopping Cart
Your cart is currently empty.
Continue Shopping
Toggle navigation
Home
Products
Household
Automotive
Low Voltage
Flashlights
Sockets
Converters
Other
Account
My Account
View Cart
Checkout
Order History
Edit Profile
Contact
Catalogs
About
About Us
LED Information
Our Customers
Our Manufacturers
Eco-Friendly Info
Dealer Info
Free Shipping
Our Policies
Privacy Statement
Categories
HomeHouseholdGeneral BulbTrack LightingSpot/Flood LightingTube LightingUV Ultra VioletHigh PowerR7S (T3)Grow LightsOtherFlexibleAutomotiveBA9S (Miniature Bayonet)E10 (Miniature Screw)Festoon (Miniature SV8.5)67/89/90 (BA15S/BA15D G18.5)1142/1156/1157 (BA15S/BA15D/BAY15D S25)74 (T5 Wedge)194 (T10 Wedge)906/921 (T15 Wedge)7440/7443 (T20 Wedge)3156/3157 (T25 Wedge)FlashersLoad EqualizersLED HeadlightsP15D-30Fog/Running/Driving LightsOff Road LED Lighting6 Volt Positive Ground6 Volt Negative GroundOtherLow VoltageGeneral BulbTrack LightingSpot/Flood LightingTube LightingUV Ultra VioletFlexible LightingPower SuppliesLED Light ControllersHarnesses/ConnectorsG4MR 16Grow LightsOtherFlashlightsSocketsConvertersOtherDiscount Led LightsLoose LED Lights
LEDLight.com Privacy Policy
Security and Privacy
Cookies and Web Beacons
Online Advertising
Choice/Opt-out
Links
Notification of Changes
LEDLight.com Privacy Policy:
Please see our
TRUSTe site seal for more
information.
LEDLight.com is
the sole owner of information
collected on this site. We will
not sell, share, or rent this
information to others in ways
different from what is disclosed
in this statement. LEDLight.com
collects information from our
users at several different
points on our website.
Our website
offers several opportunities for
visitors to register for
promotional and informational
mailings, online webinars and
resources, and for assistance in
evaluating our products and
services. These registration
forms enable users to opt-in to
LEDLight.com  mailing lists
and require users to give
contact information (such as
name and email address). We use
this contact information to send
information about our company
and our products and services.
Notice is given at the point of
collection to enable users to
choose whether or not they
consent to the usage terms.
Those who have signed up and
subsequently wish to withdraw
their participation may opt-out
of receiving future mailings at
any time (see the choice/opt-out
section below).
We also keep
track of activity on our website
via log files stored on our web
servers. We collect information
such as IP address, browser type
and version, and pages you view.
We also keep track of how you
got to our site and any links
you click on to leave our site.
We use our logs of your website
activity to assist us in
offering you a personalized Web
experience, assist you with
technical support, diagnose
problems with our server,
administer our website and to
tailor our products and service
offerings to you.
Security
and Privacy
We take every precaution to
protect the confidentiality and
security of your personal
information by using
industry-recognized security
safeguards such as firewalls,
coupled with carefully developed
security procedures to protect
your information from loss,
misuse or unauthorized
alteration. When we collect
sensitive account information
such as credit card numbers, we
protect its transmission through
the use of encryption such as
the Secure Socket Layer (SSL)
protocol.
LEDLight.com
takes care to reinforce the
importance of our website
visitors' security and privacy
among our employees. Our
employees are trained and
required to safeguard your
information and, using physical,
electronic and procedural
safeguards, we restrict access
to personal information to those
employees and agents for
business purposes only.
Additionally, we use internal
and external resources to review
the adequacy of our security
procedures.
We will never
share, sell, or rent your
personal information with third
parties for their promotional
use. Occasionally, we enter into
contracts with third parties so
that they can assist us in
servicing you (for example,
providing customer service). The
contracts prohibit them from
using any of your personal
information for their own
purposes, and they are required
to maintain the confidentiality
of the information we provide to
them. We may also disclose
information to partners who
introduced you to LEDLight.com
services in order to ensure they
are properly compensated for
their efforts. Lastly, we may
disclose or report personal
information in limited
circumstances where we believe
in good faith that disclosure is
required under the law. For
example, we may be required to
disclose personal information to
cooperate with regulators or law
enforcement authorities, to
comply with a legal process such
as court order, subpoena, search
warrant, or law enforcement
request.
Cookies
and Web Beacons
We use a variety of technologies
on our sites. Among these are
cookies: a text-only string of
information that a website
transfers to the cookie file of
the browser on your computer's
hard disk so that the website
can remember your browser in the
future. A cookie will typically
contain the name of the domain
from which the cookie has come,
the "lifetime" of the cookie,
and a value, usually a unique
number. When you visit our
website, open our email, or
encounter our services online
(perhaps on a customer's
website) we may send you a
cookie. Cookies may be used in
many ways: they allow us to
verify the login status of
customers using products or
services linked directly with
our website, track point of
entry to point of registration
for those users participating in
our affiliate signup and dealer
sign up programs, and track and
measure the success of a
particular marketing campaign.
Cookies also allow us to track
overall site usage and determine
areas users prefer, enabling us
to make your visit to our
website easier by recognizing
you when you return and helping
to provide you with a customized
experience.
Usage of a cookie
is in no way linked to any
personally identifiable
information while on our site.
You have the ability to accept
or decline cookies by modifying
the settings in your browser. If
you choose to disable cookies,
you may still use our site;
however, you may have limited
access to some areas within our
website. For more information on
how to manage cookies in your
web browser, see
http://www.aboutcookies.org.
Some of our web
pages, emails, and other online
content may contain electronic
images known as web beacons,
also known as single-pixel GIFs,
which are invisible graphical
images. These web beacons allow
us to count users who have
visited our web pages, seen our
ads, or opened our email. Web
beacons collect only limited
information, such as a cookie
identifier, time and date of a
page being viewed, and a
description of the page on which
the Web Beacon resides (the
URL).
When we send you
emails, we may include a web
beacon to allow us to determine
the number of people who open
our emails. When you click on a
link in an email, we record this
individual response to allow us
to customize our offerings to
you.
Web Beacons
cannot be declined when
delivered via a regular web
page. However, Web Beacons can
be refused when delivered via
email. If you do not wish to
receive Web Beacons via email,
you will need to disable HTML
images or refuse HTML (select
Text only) emails via your email
software.
Online
Advertising
We also use pixels, or
transparent GIF files, to help
manage online advertising. These
GIF files are provided by our ad
management partners; they enable
our partners to recognize a
unique cookie on your Web
browser, which in turn enables
us to learn which advertisements
bring users to our website. With
both cookies and web beacons,
the information that we collect
and share is anonymous and not
personally identifiable. It does
not contain your name, address,
telephone number, or email
address.
Choice/Opt-out
LEDLight.com Anti-Spam policy
tolerates only permission-based
email. In addition, users always
have the opportunity to opt-out
or change preferences via a link
in the footer of all
non-transactional email
messages. These options are made
available when you sign-up for
our email lists and in email
messages delivered from our
company. Alternatively, you may
email us at support@LEDLight.com.
If you believe that you have
received an unsolicited
commercial email from any of our
third party business partners, you may report it to
us at support@LEDLight.com.
Some
communications (e.g. important
account notifications and
billing information) are
considered transactional and are
necessary for all LEDLight.com
customers. You
may not opt-out of receiving
email acknowledgements and
responses to our transactional
emails.
Links
Some of our sites provide links
to third-party websites, such as
those of our business partners
and online advertising partners.
While on these sites,
LEDLight.com or its partners may
collect information about you.
Because LEDLight.com does not
control the information policies
or practices of these third
parties, you should review their
privacy policies to learn more
about how they collect and use
personally identifiable
information.
Notification of Changes
This policy is in effect as of
December 2008. If we decide to
change our privacy policy, we
will post those changes on the
LEDLight.com website so our
users are always aware of what
information we collect, how we
use it, and under what
circumstances, if any, we
disclose it.